In summary, what we're gonna focus on
is always be producing content, right.
They're also the most important
things that we have to focus on.
We have to focus on
always building things,
always pushing things out via Twitter,
Twitch, blogs, anything like that.
Doing our profiles correctly and
writing our resumes in a really,
I want to say offensive but really in a
way where we shine the best versus having
the HR members think I've been
reactive to what HR says, right?
So that's the biggest thing that I want to
try to get across to you guys from when it
comes to getting your first front end job,
it's all about making yourself shy.
Think of it, you're a piece of
the puzzle for every team, right?
So you should only focus on being
the best piece of that puzzle,
not trying to be everything that
everyone needs on everywhere.
So that's what I want you to go from and
if you learn anything from this, go for
taking the things that
you learn in here and
focus on being the best piece of that,
right?
I'll be consistently
adding things to here.
There's something that you want me
to add or you want me to review,
make sure you hit me up on Twitter and
I can add to here.
This is gonna be open source,
this is gonna be live for
the rest of my days posted on GitHub,
posted on our Frontend masters.
So you guys will be able to
have all this stuff with you.
I want to do a huge shout
out to Ayumi Bennett,
who did all of the notes all of the really
fun, cool weird things that you guys see.
That was all her, I do not have
a talent for any of this stuff.
She's a great sketch artist, and we worked
and we did this talk and it was just like,
this is pretty fine, let's do this again
and now that's she's who created art.
So definitely if you see her,
if you want something similar like this,
please reach out to Ayumi,
right, she's a rock star.
Yeah, so that's it,
do you guys have any questions for me?
Any feedback, any questions,
anything you want me to dive deeper in or
anything like that?
>> There's people that are asking for
that resume, that example resume,
so if you could link that up
in the site at some point.
>> Yeah, I can, if you want me to,
I can link this up.
So yeah, if you guys want that,
I'll share that and you guys link it or
I can make an entire page just for
that, does that sound cooler more?
So if you want to deep dive
on the technical side or
interviewing more technical, Jim Young.
I actually just did a podcast with him,
he's a really great guy,
little weird but super funny.
He has a technical interviewing
workshop here on front end masters and
it's great,
you should definitely check it out.
I think these will work really well in
conjunction, minds focus on making sure
you get the eyes and he has focused
on what happens once you get
beyond those eyes and now you're in
the room and they're grilling him.
So I think they work
really well in Unison.
>> There's a question here about if you're
remote or from, say, a different country,
what's the best way to
find places to apply to?
>> It depends from what I've seen,
we use VWC,
we use LinkedIn,
we use Google, we use Twitter.
Most of my guys and
girls have found jobs on Twitter.
That was a good 50%,
half of them have found their
job through an HR recruiter that was
looking at their stuff on Twitter.
But LinkedIn is a great place, and
also to pins on what you're
trying to do as well.
For instance, different regions have
different stacks that they really focus
on, if you're in the south
eastern United States.net PHP and
Java Spring Boot, reigned supreme.
But if you were to go further west coast,
you have a lot more nodeJS Express,
Python, flask, Django framework.
So it all depends on what you're
trying to work on as well.
>> Is it a good strategy to reach out to
more experienced devs on LinkedIn and
ask for advice?.
>> I would do that via Twitter.
People tend to be a little more like,
get off my lawn on LinkedIn
than they are on Twitter.
So having those type of conversations
they don't slide in DMs,
more experienced engineers they like to
have those conversations out in the open
because you never know who
else needs that information.
And your question could be helping
other people who are in similar place,
but didn't ask that question.
So I would move that expertise to Twitter.
Unless you were looking for a mentor,
then I would, you know what?
I will still use Twitter,
most of the people who are willing
to help the most in my experience,
have been on Twitter.
>> Yeah, a person just said, dang,
I really need to make a Twitter.
>> Yes, you really need to make a Twitter.
I have a rule that tell people Facebook is
where everybody you already know is at,
Twitter is where everyone you
need to know is at, all right?
So and same with LinkedIn, most of
the people that I deal with on LinkedIn,
I already dealt with him, but
I found them through Twitter, right?
So that's all you know part
of your funnel, right?
You can loot treat that
as a marketing funnel,
you go on Twitter, you find the people
who you wanna connect with,
you build rapport with them,
then you go find them on LinkedIn.
Then you follow them or
connect with them on LinkedIn, right?
You start with the informal way,
remember Twitter's like a bar
of intellects and stuff, right?
So, especially if you're focused on
just JavaScript stuff, get in there,
have those conversations, ask questions.
And no one's gonna judge you for
not having for asking questions,
cuz more questions you ask, and someone
else that has those excellent questions.
So that's what I would recommend.
>> And
does that also extend beyond the US or
do you feel like it's,
>> Yes,
it definitely extends beyond the US.
Some of my favorite people that I've met
or I've leanred from aren't in America and
it's because of Twitter.
So yeah, it's a global thing.
Do you guys have any other questions?
I'm one of those people that are on
Twitter, that you can ask questions to.
I am always there,
ask away if you need me to review stuff,
I'm fine with that too,
I do this for my veterans every day.
So, I'm always on here
doing that type of work,
well I deal with veterans,
I deal with civilians.
If you'd need to review something you had
or you want to ask an opinion or something
or get more clarification, just hit me up
and I can definitely talk to you about it.
>> Looks like there's another question on
how do I discover new people on Twitter?
Do I use hashtags?
>> Yes, [LAUGH] yeah, we got a hell
of a whole class on Twitter for
developers, right?
[LAUGH] A discovery on Twitter.
You can start with some of
the more basic characterized,
has 100 days of code that runs on
one days code, hashtag, JavaScript.
Or you can start looking at
people's list or find list and
look through those, because that's
where a lot of the magic is happening.
Now people are making lists
of people you should follow,
based upon their expertise of
things that you're looking for.
So awesome, great.
If you're a newbie,
number one and they're two
Twitter's you should be following
if you're brand new to this game.
If you're brand new, you go to code
newbies, follow them on Twitter, and
then you should go to practical Dev and
follow them on Twitter.
Then from there, you'll start being able
to find people, other people that you can
follow on Twitter by going
through list and hashtags.
But first use profiles,
if you're new to the code
game is code newbies and practical Dev.
Another one I could
recommend is CSS tricks,
CSS tricks they are always dropping some
good nuggets, so I'll definitely do that.
And just go from there,
dive in though don't ask questions
look up Java look up hashtag, JavaScript
and just research people and jump in.
Or you can need to follow me too,
if you asked me who should you follow on
Twitter, I'll be like, where you're at and
then I'll pointing direction to three or
four people.
And no problem, Richard, you're welcome.
>> What frameworks do you recommend?
>> [LAUGH] I cannot legally recommend
frameworks because every job is different.
I am a huge, I focus on react
which isn't a framework, but
your experience may be different.
I don't want to influence what your
opinions on frameworks, but I love react.
But you might love you,
you might love spelt,
you may enjoy working with Angular, you
may be that person that brings Ember back.
We don't know.
So I'm not gonna try to influence
which direction you're gonna go.
I'm gonna say for jobs, that the two that
are most prevalent in the area are React
and Angular, just because those
are the oldest and most stable, right?
View is coming up, Ember is waning, there
are some big corpse that work in Ember,
but there aren't allowed a new
Ember jobs coming out, right?
So you're talking purely from
the aspect of getting a job,
I will focus on React and Angular.
>> A recommendation you made I think
is to find your local meetups.
But what about during the fact
that everybody isremote and
not a lot of conferences and
meetups are happening in person?
>> Yeah, actually,
they're not in person, but
they're all virtual go to you solution,
Tracy Lee, let me go to GitHub,
Tech Community slacks.
So, you go here,
I'll add this to my summary.
You can find the slack channels
that are popular in your locale.
And you can just based on frameworks,
languages,
whichever low place you're at, and you can
start building relationships in there.
But all it really takes is one person
you ask for a person's time, or
you ask a person question estimate or
any other feedback estimates or
anything to read, and
it just goes from there, right?
It just begins with one, mine, Ken
Wheeler, he's a board member of mines now.
But when I met him seven, eight years ago,
I was asking questions about
slick cuz he actually made
that slick slider in jQuery.
And a lot of people don't know that.
But that was our first time
interacting and really, he was open,
he was able to help me work through
some things and I was a brand new Dev.
So that's how that goes, in one
conversation to another conversation.
My first time meeting Zed A Shaw, he
writes Learn Program in the Hardway books.
It was because I was
talking about vets and
come to find out he was a veteran, right?
So I built that rapport
based on both of us.
Being veterans and both haven't been
stuck in Korea, and we both know how
boring Korea can get, cuz you can
do everything there in 30 minutes.
If you end up there in the right time,
3 or
4 months you can do everything in Korea.
So I was just able to build
that rapport off of it and
just he keeps building what you're
looking for is this you have to shift
how you build relationships in a physical
plane to avoid cracking and stuff.
[LAUGH] You have to shift to how you build
relationships in a physical
plane to a virtual plane.
All that is,
is just talking to people like Eddny.
If you're on Twitter say, hey,
we had a really good time.
I'd love to if you should point me to
somebody else to talk to about these
subjects where you ask me questions.
I'm always gonna be there to answer
questions cuz this is what I do.
So don't hesitate to start with me and
then branch out.
And I'll help you build
those relationships.
Well, my name is Jerome Hardaway.
I'm a geek event Sukkot and I had a blast
and I hope that you guys enjoyed it too.
And I will see you guys on Twitter.